family Make yourselves comfortable to witness
one of the biggest tragedies of casap
parneo of all time and look at what
we've experienced here on YouTube stories
like these from casa Partner that
jump from one famous youtuber to another
even more famous youtuber but
this girl's thing is that she has won everything and
lost everything in record time what you
are seeing on the screen is the social
Blade that indicates the statistics of
Gemita's Instagram account and here you
can see after being in plane for a lot of
months well it seems like that plane
but in reality if you look at the numbers
above she was losing an average of
10,000 followers eh almost monthly no and
you see that suddenly Put in the month of
August she won in the month of August eh
200,000 followers family 200,000
followers suddenly in the same month
without having done anything special Because the
truth is that I don't think there is a
content of Gemita that was remarkable
to deserve these numbers no But pay
attention because in just the
following month boom she has gone more than she had
earned or rather really  biggest failure
of the Spanish kaparo how crazy No,
nobody expected it Uy what's new You leave me
Uy You leave me all crazy
Oh no, what crazy unexpected crazy,
nobody expected it the
worst thing is that the friend She's complaining and
says that Auron Play has followed through on its
threats and that because of all this they are
going to end her career and it's like
friend if you haven't done anything special in
the creation of content and you don't
even have a community all you
have eh is the community of others Well it
's normal that when you end your
relationships and especially behaving badly
with the person who gave you the
Followers you lose them or rather because they
are not followers that were yours they are not
followers that have followed you for you
throughout these years I have lived
this type of story a lot eh I have lived it in
my own flesh and I have also seen it a
lot the fact that there are people who
approach you gain community from you and
then they throw it in your face that if they lose it
when they separate you from them and it's like
friend if you are gaining a community
that does not belong to you And that you have not
worked hard  are followers of another what do you
want gentlemen pay attention because
today I bring you something with which not
only will you be able to save on
your favorite purchases but
also this application will give you back some
casba while you're shopping it's
about hipsy.com where you can
find all kinds of cards not
only gift cards but
general shopping cards Amazon HBO Netflix
Olifan anyway whatever you want but be careful
because apart from sending a little gift for
you and it's a promotional code with
which part of that cutback you will get a
10% discount here is the code
Javi o and don't forget to also
download the sem application where they
will send you and you will accumulate the cashback Z is
your account that you are going to create in this
application it is very easy to install it is
free you also have in the
description of this video in the
pinned comment the links where you can
find everything You're welcome and we continue with
the video summarizing a bit of the story
gemita and auron Play began their
relationship months ago keeping everything
too secret the truth is that
very well because as soon as it was leaked it took a
long time for people to find out  despite the fact
that big fellow streamers who
were in her environment knew about it and
suddenly in August it became known the first
place where we said it exclusively was
here on my channel I don't remember if I
said it here on my main channel or on the
secondary channel in a newscast but I know
that I confirmed the exclusive and we gave it
despite the fact that there were already public rumors
all over Twitter The truth is that on
Gemita's part there was a lot of
interest in this relationship coming to
light as soon as possible and for it to be known and there
were a lot of winks and flirting that she
did in front of the public and Auron Play
followed it Oh how I love my Raúl how I
adore him He loves my feet Oh oh oh
nobody knows the relationship that Raúl
and I have eh nobody knows look look I call him
Raúl and not Auron because we are still very good friends he
was still my partner and I sucked his dick
anyway there is Calamardo I say Gemita and just like
always until tomorrow immediately as
soon as the relationship was known the
couple did not take long to make publications
together something that calls my attention a lot to
be  a creator who has been
doing this for so long I understand
that this mistake will be because he had a
very long-term relationship
therefore he does not know how the market is and does not
know what he can fall into and what it is not that
being who you are you start
sharing posts on your
huge Instagram account with this person
who has just entered your new life and
who is also dedicated to
social networks auron dedicated himself to uploading photos
with gemita gemita with auron not only
photographs of lovers but
they used to even share the publication
this being a complete promotion for
gemita's Instagram account with whom you had
barely been with weeks well not only the
great publicity that gemita ate with
this relationship having just started
while at the same time remember she was
putting the bricks because this of course
today we know At that time
not so much but we have to keep in mind
today that while all this
was happening that while she was
sucking up as much fame as possible she
was cheating on him with others And as I was
saying not only that but
gemita took it upon herself to become a
kind of New ví trying  take over
Bi's position by immediately getting
Auron's like on their
Instagram photos but also by commenting on each of
Auron's photos and being the first to
like their posts so that it would
appear to everyone until the
moment in which what happened today happened
is viral But well today it is viral for
simple and common users of networks
for those of you who are followers of this
channel you already knew all the information
almost a month ago Auron Play has suffered a lot
That's the exclusive Auron Play has
suffered a lot he has been screwed for a lot of
days because he had gotten
really horny the truth eh Well listen he has
probably had more relationships in
between more flings or whatever
since he broke up with Sara but this
time he had gotten horny Well it turns out
that Gemita has betrayed him several
times several times apparently she has
betrayed him several times what happens is that
in this last one he has not been able to he has not been
able to deny it I don't know how they
caught him he has not been able to he has not been able to
deny it or rather in this one you know in
this one they have already said listen tirira that I
saw you  beautiful then Auro has it he has
suffered it he has had a very bad time it is a
Random it is Random it is Random No no it is achoche it is not
ach Choche it is a
Random it is a Random it is a Random it is that I am not going to
give Even a name because it is a Random it is that it is a
Random literally it is not basile I am
going to give you a little thing I am going to give you
a sound and You will automatically know To
what moment of life it belongs This is
okay I keep you with the darkness
how dark your black eyes that day Auron Play put on a sweatshirt and sweatpants and approached the event something that is not usually very common not in him not to appear in places and so on not until his Prime arrived How curious is
destiny no How curious is destiny that
Auron did not know everything that would happen to him having
left his house that night to
go up there to sing with the estopas and
not only did he change his plans he changed
Gemit's plans Because if Auro had not
appeared that night at the elam
gemita had other plans practically
gemita was cheating on auron
Play all he wanted and more  I mean
basically I think that Gemita
has never liked Raul and I'm very sorry about that
With all due respect but the thing is that
you practically see the guys that she
went out with on Emit and Raul is not the target he
is not the same stereotype of a guy that we would
say would fit her taste
basically what she has liked are
Raul's numbers despite the fact that as I
already told you exclusively here three
weeks ago I had put the count on her a few
times until the last one when she
could no longer deny it and she could not hide it
Auro did not want to destroy her in the media
and he did not come out to say absolutely anything about
what he had done to her but he did it
in the most chivalrous way possible
blood pain corpses and more cordial
so that people would not jump on him
and simply well confirmed the rumors
that they were no longer together love
exists What happens is that sometimes
things sometimes work out well
eh Sometimes they go wrong eh Nothing happens
really nothing happens I mean eh it's that
no there is no need to make a big deal out of it I'm really
telling you I think that
love exists and I am a faithful thinker  of
that I think that there comes a time
in life when one will find a
person with whom one can have a house
eh three cats and tomorrow a boy a
girl if it comes up of course I am a faithful
defender of that and I will think about it until
the day that I die the truth is until
the day that I die sometimes it is
difficult it is not easy because sometimes
people are not compatible because
sometimes things happen it's that I don't know no no I'm not
going to stop thinking about that one
thing hasn't gone well then let's move on to the
next the next one doesn't go
well either let's
move on to the next But
life is like that What are you going to do okay I know that
those who
basically let it fall that he had
n't had a good
experience with Gemita Auron first of
all Ender pear and second I recently
spoke with a friend and realized that
I was also a victim anonymous and always
endert bat which by the way sat
terribly with Gemita and made her burn with
this statement I may be many things I
am not perfect I make mistakes and I have never
had a problem assuming my mistakes
learn from them and improve but I'm not going
to let myself be accused of something
or stay quiet I'm going to ask for two
more days so that my psychologist continues to
convince me not to open Stream and
set the internet on fire See you on
Friday I think this is a
warning to Auron and Gref In fact I would
say more to Gref Look I'm going to say
one thing I'm going to give my honest opinion
on this matter Gema has behaved very
badly with Auron Play With Gref I don't know if she
behaved that bad I don't know but with Auron I can
tell you that she has behaved very badly
but to her face by the face okay Gema is
not bothered by what is being
said now that she
could have hurt Auron Play that's why
she says there I can recognize my
mistakes I can assume it but what I'm not
going to assume are other things you know
what she means I think she's
referring to the fact that she probably assumes that she
hurt Uron Play Okay and that she made a
mistake but not that
Gref comes and puts in the super chat the
other day what  what gref put on it what he
insinuated the other day in the vi that he
sent to auron Play was that she had cheated on him too
So gemita hasn't
gotten over greev here there's an ingredient
that already links me to gref's story that's
why gref says there's a
conversation I had with a friend there's
a conversation I had with
a friend and I spoke to a friend and I
'm also a victim it turns out that what is
known the whole King leich knows
okay I'm not going to give the name because the boy
has a girlfriend and on the one hand you say
Well then he shouldn't do what he does No
but I'm not going to give the name when
the breakup between gref and gemita comes there's a
boy there's a saian player who eh
leaves gref's team they cease his
participation in the team Why
gemita says there if I talk everything explodes
gemita says if I talk everything explodes
because maybe gref was also
naughty On one occasion But well they have
n't confirmed that to me they're just rumors
but what about gemita yes what about gemita yes that
the  boy today he is not a player of he
is not a player of saian obviously they
moved him from place to place at the time of
saian Let's see I can tell you I can
tell you what team he belongs to now
but come on today the player of
Pío they tell me in the chat about Auro with
a Random that by the way I
repeat again in case it is not clear of
all this that is going viral in the
last hours you are finding out the
rest of the mortals now that it is viral the
privileged ones those who are subscribed to
this channel and my channel la salsería already
know it for a month right now we are
reviewing it does not look easy
but What are you doing man are you
crazy idiots or what How are you friends How are
you Do not put the pig on
screen
Ah guys please do not
disrespect only I can be disrespectful
okay you see that I lack it here I do not
lack it well do not do it you
[ __ ] now start to be
disrespectful also seriously eh the less I
mentioned gemita on this channel  better I
mean I don't want to know absolutely anything I
already said it and I'll say it again so
for me I never mentioned her And don't say
anything absolutely nothing okay that's the
only thing I'll say or so recapitulating goes
aurom announces and confirms the breakup in
the most cordial way possible so that
the girl doesn't get so shitty
being a [ __ ] [ __ ] because the
guy was in love with this chick and
was having a terrible time even so he protects her he
wouldn't have said anything else And the friend goes
the other day three or four days ago and
when she comes back she says the following well
you know yesterday I couldn't do Stream I was
busy being unfaithful too soon
to make promos or I can already let them
go and siic diso that at least I get
the meme or rather you start Stream making
jokes about the subject of infidelity
joking around saying that your psychologist
has advised you to take it So we
have to take the weight off the misfortunes and
embrace The meme Haha And then she goes and says that she's
not going to deny anything that's being
said about her because why  No,
people won't believe her and that only
she and Auro knew what had happened.
She told her grapefruit. Look, the problem with
me not having made
public statements is because giving, or
rather, giving explanations,
means bringing out a lot of more
private things that I believe shouldn't be brought
out publicly and if I say
the most banal thing and what everyone expects,
no one is going to believe me, so for
me to go out and say this is this is a lie
and this is a lie but not to go into more detail
because people, in the end, what they want,
what they need, is for me to back up
why this was published or
why this was said, it means going into
much more personal details where it
implies much more and apart from that, I do
n't tell anyone, I go out and
deny things, the people who are
throwing [ __ ] at me and who think that I have done
those things are going to continue thinking it,
so in order to get out of saying that but not
going into detail about the whole
situation, I prefer to remain silent. So, of course, in
the face of this, Auron Play had no choice
but to respond first and by the way, he
responded super well regarding the subject
of  that your psychologist recommends you
hug The meme and since I saw that she
did a Stream the other day and talked like a
good girl, she even made jokes and so on,
by the way, I recommend you change
psychologists. Of course because for the
psychologist this is also a laugh, no, come on,
let's make a joke, let's
all laugh here, damn it, well, I uh I would
like the psychologist to see The
last month that I have spent the truth
that she saw me at the Rubius event
how I was that she saw me in many
circumstances of the [ __ ] month that I have
spent that I have not even been able to work, I have had to
cancel projects, I have had to
lose many opportunities because I did
not see myself with the strength to do anything with
which I think that, well, I do not think that
is an issue at least they say that my my
How do you say my traumas, my jokes No,
but that the trauma no no does not belong
to the other person the trauma belongs to
me if you have to make a joke In any
case, I have to do it, not what is it?
Who has taken the trauma, I say,
come on, and about that thing that only she
and Auron know what has happened having
all the  cheeky to pick that up and drop that in
a Stream basically to protect himself
as if saying or implying No no it's not
that what's being talked about It's not
just him and I who know what happened
Raul and I know everything there is
people don't know anything because it's reality
nobody knows what we've been through Nobody
knows what happened nobody knows the
situation we have now but well
if you had kept your mouth shut gemita it wouldn't have
happened in fact I think there are
some things that yes we have to
talk about very briefly and very
lightly because obviously I can't
talk about other people's personal lives
But yes I can at least clarify
a couple of points that I think I should
clarify I think let's go I'm not
obligated But honestly I'm going to
do it and what I want to say is getting your
heart broken is part of life we've
all had our hearts broken at some point
and it's a learning experience I mean you don't have to
see it as something bad it's a learning experience
where you become stronger where you
learn why they broke my heart what
happened and it makes you reflect on
many things that I've done wrong that I can
improve or simply the other person
was bad which can also  pass and you
who are reading this, I mean I'm sure
that you too or have had one broken and I
'm sure that you're going to break some
I've also broken some hearts
throughout my life it's part of life
but but There's a but one thing is but
a heart which is something that is going to happen to all of us
at some point or to have it
broken and another thing is to rip out a
heart and literally throw it on the ground
spit on it and [ __ ] on yourself okay And that's
basically what happened to me I mean
basically I placed all my
trust I opened the doors of my life
to a person I gave them all the love that that that that
was in my being good and it
turned out that this person Well
basically used me like a
circus puppet The truth is and that's it And that's the
summary of all that yes gemita I didn't want
any public trial now that it's been
discovered that she has behaved horribly with
auron Play what is being
done to me is a public trial for things
that nobody knows because the truth is that
nobody knows anything I mean the truth is that everything
is very misguided that
everything  has speculated from a
photo and a tweet and that regardless
of what has happened I think that Nobody
deserves to have a public trial
for things that happen in their private life
whether good or bad that you may have
done better or worse And these are people who
have more to keep quiet than to speak but it
is true that as you have seen
at the beginning This video did not matter to him
at all, he is sharing
publications with him on Instagram as
if sharing publications with Auron
Play was a small thing and little exposure
not Gemita's reaction to
Auron Play's live show well it could not be other than
playing the victim well first with a certain
arrogance before playing the victim he uploaded
this story to his Instagram account
where he is losing followers in a
cascade we cannot play the song
obviously but it is by Osuna and the
lyrics are your story is poorly told and
nobody believes you well nobody believes you I think
people have believed it eh
emita It was not you it was me who left you I do
n't know if the copy is going to jump with how
well I sing eh the copyright may
jump and then he went to his
WhatsApp channel to  put Congratulations you kept
your threats Good thing I knew how to get out in
time Good night to start saying
that I was threatened gemita that
last week when you were trying to get
closer to Auro and I was
liking all of his
posts again you didn't seem very threatened
mate And then when we went to plan
b feminism and victimhood and even
insinuating abuse the same people who
hate me to this day
were previously witnesses of the good we
did for each other the reality is that Raúl and I no we have not
loved each other well no we have not
loved each other well neither of us
well this first part these first
seconds are already impressive this is
like when utbh or those who are
against Dallas tried to give him
like a tie the other day no to the ridiculousness
that made the debate no no no no I mean
neither of us have loved each other
well no No here they have cheated on him
800 times it's you pretty That thing about
neither of us having loved each other well they
are nuancing it there a little
for your part and then the issue that we have
all suddenly witnessed  of
how well you were before but
girl if you made a clip you were
telling me that only you knew what had
happened between you there were things
from your past that I needed to
close and well basically I had to
close things from your past and I
told him that until that happened
between him and I no, we were not going to move
forward absolutely nothing was going to move forward okay yes I would I got
involved with another
person well regarding this yesterday
live by the way thanks to everyone
yesterday we were in the top 10 of
Hispanic streamers thanks once again for
choosing me by the way we surpassed gemita
eh yesterday in the live I said that I believed that
this could be focused on Auro
maintaining some ties with Vin and
Gemita when starting a relationship with him
because he asked as a requirement to be able to
move forward that Auron cut those ties
well Well it turns out that surely
the Auron will sound familiar to you ignores Vin in Belum and
those things that arose a few months ago
in a suspicious way there was no way there was
some distance between Raúl and I saw
the announcement of the breakup besides well it
seems to be  that all this was pushed
by Gemita I mean Gemita was behind
trying to eliminate Vi from the map do you
remember that in the previous video I
made on the subject I was pointing out
how they were friends they got along well
and suddenly there was a distancing it is
more than logical Gemita wanted to eliminate her
from the map and that even Raúl did not have
cordiality with Sara despite the fact that
to this day they continue to get along
and have good words
for each other but practically he did not
even like that they continued
playing GTA together on Twitch to belum
to all these things But
anyway Auron who was horny
imo was kind of willing to twist my
arm a little and this is what
Gemita did while yes no yes I would
do it I got involved with another
person and when he showed me that I was
wrong and we decided to continue getting to
know each other if we resume everything I was not I
was not brave why wait no
Why waste time While the
other solves that she is asking him to
cut ties with their relationship now
friend of more than a decade  the
Shameless aunt of the time takes it and
hooks up with another gemita guy who
is not someone from the King lich or who is not
confirmed at least because if it is
confirmed that it is someone from the Kill lich
taking into account that you have a
clause that prohibits you from getting involved between
presidents and players they would kick you out okay
or what you have left they would kick you out and I did not
tell him what had happened with that
person and during the relationship I have let
manipulative behaviors pass
because I thought that I deserved them since I had
done something wrong and I had not
told him until I told him
after a few months dating I had
flirting conversations with a person
with whom I had normalized a way
of speaking that was wrong but with whom
nothing happened beyond those
conversations I believed that this way of
speaking I had with that person was
harmless and without ulterior motives
but but I was wrong and as a result of this that
these conversations reach
him is when the horror story begins
the tweet that was published was because of
this because of these conversations when I
tried to explain the situation to him no no
only  He didn't listen to me but what
I found was insults, screams,
threats and I found a version of him
that I had never seen before and that scared me
and at that moment I knew that I was not going to
see more situations like that. His
behavior is unacceptable in a
relationship. I went there with the intention of
talking and explaining things and trying to
solve everything and I found myself in a
situation that made it clear to me that I didn't
want to know anything more about him and that there
could be no us so I
put an end to that relationship that day. Listen, I
hear a situation that made it clear to me that I did
n't want to know anything more about him and that there
could be no us so I
put an end to that relationship that day. It made it
clear to me that there could be no us and I
put an end to that relationship. To recap, the
aunt takes it and hides the first horns from him, she
put them on Auron several times, she
gets some conversations where the potato
is flirting with another, she has no
other choice, As I already told you in the exclusive of
puf Nene I'm sorry Yes And still the
Shameless of the time She is
complaining that Auron  reacted badly of
course gemita a facet that you
practically didn't know because you didn't
know him that now it comes to my
mind that auron repeated on several
occasions what the [ __ ] you got tired very
quickly at 10 at night You already
wanted to go to bed and
the girl is still upset that auron
reacted badly because gemita expected that
after giving him several horns
several antlers auron you react like that
[Music]
people are so used to
falsehood that when you speak to them clearly and
directly they interpret it as aggression
sometimes I think that I'm only good for
helping others then my life is
[ __ ] [ __ ] I am the litter box of
my environment someone who admits
everything what more do you want insulting someone does
not make us better nor is it going to erase anything
from my shitty opinion I did not attack more it
is above that karma already exists
and it is worse the thing is that
gemita is super hurt and offended
because auron Play has taken better
all the horns that he has put on her and the
friend  goes and gets offended gemita don't you
remember when you denigrated yourself
bas and humiliated yourself after having
broken up with greev, the one that now you don't
want to know anything about either in this
moment that you had to save your channel
is not that strong literally
saving our relationship was harder
than saving your own Twitch channel
you know what this is right this is your
Twitch channel and you know what happened here
Gema Accept it we're not going to
get back together I don't even know what bars are
Look if getting back with you was this role I would
do this What are you
doing By the way speaking of
Twitch channels How are you dealing with IV
breaking all your records [ __ ] how
annoying you are with ivai let's see I
understand that you are the president of
porcinas Because you are a
pig in this life you have to have a
little dignity and know when
to back down and not blame
others for not getting your way When
you do certain things in fact Well
obviously I wouldn't be surprised if
pulling the feminism card of
machismo and insinuating gender violence
Well there are some people more or
less let's see more or less what good there is
in the Lord's Vineyard that they
position themselves on Gemita's side and that
still and blame Auron Play for having
received the horns regarding the
controversy of Auro and Gemita from what I've
seen she has cheated on him
So I think that after two months
attention to turfy eh what I'm going to say is that
I think that maybe
nobody has thought about this If after two months
Only she has gone with another it's
because he in
bed I think that she was not
satisfied with Auron Play in bed eye
then that's why she has gone with another
because she had to be
fine with him No if Raúl is still going to have to
apologize to the aunt this family
I'm leaving the video here Although
on this subject there are many more things to
comment on I already told you yesterday in the
live according to close sources tell me
if Gemita tells everything everything will be
even worse and we don't even
know 20% So I recommend that you pay
attention to this my
main channel click  The button where you can
subscribe right now is mandatory for
all of you who liked this video and
also my secondary channel and where I do
the live shows, the salsería that we have
going today, a big hug family and I'll
see you in a few hours, bye